Dependency Injection (DI) is a design pattern widely used in software development, including in C#. It is a technique where the dependencies of a class are injected from the 
outside rather than being created within the class itself. This helps to achieve better separation of concerns and makes the code more modular, testable, and maintainable.

Transient Lifetime: In this lifetime, a new instance of the dependency is created every time it is requested from the DI container. This means that each time you request a
service, you get a new instance. Transient lifetime is suitable for lightweight, stateless services or components.

Singleton Lifetime: With singleton lifetime, only one instance of the dependency is created and reused throughout the application's lifetime. Subsequent requests for 
the same dependency will return the same instance. This is useful for services that are stateful and need to maintain state across the application.

Scoped Lifetime: Scoped lifetime creates a new instance of the dependency per scope. A scope typically corresponds to a web request in a web application. So, 

within the same web request, the same instance of the dependency is reused, but different requests get different instances. Scoped lifetime is commonly used 
in web applications to manage dependencies that need to be shared within a single request but isolated across different requests.

In C#, dependency injection is often implemented using constructor injection, method injection, or property injection. Let's focus on constructor injection as it's one of the most common approaches.

Here's a simple example to illustrate constructor injection in C#:

csharp
Copy code
// Interface representing a dependency
public interface ILogger
{
    void Log(string message);
}

// Class that has a dependency injected through its constructor
public class MyClass
{
    private readonly ILogger _logger;

    // Constructor with dependency injection
    public MyClass(ILogger logger)
    {
        _logger = logger;
    }

    public void DoSomething()
    {
        // Using the injected dependency
        _logger.Log("Doing something...");
    }
}
In this example:

ILogger is an interface representing a logging dependency.
MyClass is a class that depends on a logger and receives it through its constructor.
The DoSomething method of MyClass uses the injected logger to perform some action.
When you create an instance of MyClass, you need to provide an implementation of ILogger to its constructor. This way, the class is not tightly coupled to a specific logger implementation, making it more flexible and easier to test. This is the essence of dependency injection.
